The City of Music
Vienna is a beautiful old city on the River Danube in the centre of Europe.
It's the capital city of Austria and the centre of European classical music.
In the 18th century, a lot of musicians came to study and work in Vienna.
In the Strauss family, there were two composers called Johann Strauss, the father and the son.
The father, Johann Strauss the Elder, wrote and played music for traditional dances called the Waltz.
His dance music made him famous all over Europe.
The son, Johann Strauss the Younger, was also very successful and popular.
He wrote over 150 Waltz's.
In 1867, he wrote the Blue Danube Waltz.
Mozart was another very important composer.
He was born in Austria in 1756.
Before he was six, he played not only the piano but also the violin.
His family took him around Europe and he gave concerts in many cities.
He wrote hundreds of wonderful pieces of music.
But he became very poor and died in 1791 when he was only 35.
Like Johann Strauss, father and son, he was a great European musician.
And many people still think his music is perfect.